Astronomer Cloud release notes 12/2 (#183)
astronomer/cloud-docs: docs/resource-reference-aws.md

> With the exception of `m5d` nodes, all suppported node types have a maximum of 20GB of storage per node. If you need more than 20GB of storage, we recommend modifying your cluster to run `m5d` nodes, which Astronomer provisions with NVMe SSDs out-of-the-box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the exception of `m5d` nodes, all suppported node types have a maximum of 20GB of storage per node. If you need more than 20GB of storage, we recommend modifying your cluster to run `m5d` nodes, which Astronomer provisions with NVMe SSD volumes out-of-the-box.
```

> Astronomer plans to support optional ephemeral storage for all node instance types in H1 2022.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astronomer plans to support optional ephemeral storage for all node instance types in the first half of 2022.
```
